[close #610] [to #590] add docs for api v2 and tls reload (#611)
tikv/client-java: docs/src/examples/rawkv.md

    session.close();
  }
}
```

## API V2

> With TiKV version >= 6.1.0, we release a new feature called "TiKV API V2" which provides a new raw key-value storage format allowing the coexistence of transaction data and raw data. Please refer to [v6.10 release notes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/release-6.1.0#ease-of-use) for detail.

Reviewer: transaction data and raw data -> TxnKV and RawKV 

I personally think the latter is more familiar to TiKV developers.

Author: Done.

> With TiKV version >= 6.1.0, we release a new feature that allows the coexistence of transcation data and raw data. This feature could allow the [TiCDC](https://github.com/tikv/migration/tree/main/cdc) to capture the change of the data, and these events could be consumed by the downstream infrastructure like Kafka or another TiKV cluster for backup.

Author: `a new Raw Key-Value storage format` is a too general description of this feature, how about keeping the statement of the coexistence of transaction data and raw data.

> With TiKV version >= 6.1.0, we release a new feature that allows the coexistence of transcation data and raw data. This feature could allow the [TiCDC](https://github.com/tikv/migration/tree/main/cdc) to capture the change of the data, and these events could be consumed by the downstream infrastructure like Kafka or another TiKV cluster for backup.

Reviewer 2: > `a new Raw Key-Value storage format` is a too general description of this feature, how about keeping the statement of the coexistence of transaction data and raw data.

LGTM.

> With TiKV version >= 6.1.0, we release a new feature that allows the coexistence of transcation data and raw data. This feature could allow the [TiCDC](https://github.com/tikv/migration/tree/main/cdc) to capture the change of the data, and these events could be consumed by the downstream infrastructure like Kafka or another TiKV cluster for backup.

Author: I mean:
```suggestion
With TiKV version >= 6.1.0, we release a new feature called "TiKV API V2" which provides a new raw key-value storage format allowing the coexistence of transaction data and raw data. Please refer to [v6.10 release notes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/release-6.1.0#ease-of-use) for detail.
```
